README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/aa593c27-4290-4aba-a8b2-135ff8cd3602

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/aa593c27-4290-4aba-a8b2-135ff8cd3602) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS
- ProbablePeople for improved NLP name parsing

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/aa593c27-4290-4aba-a8b2-135ff8cd3602) and click on Share -> Publish.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/tips-tricks/custom-domain#step-by-step-guide)

## Classification configuration

The payee classifier exposes several options through the `ClassificationConfig`
interface defined in `src/lib/types.ts`. Default values are provided in
`src/lib/classification/config.ts`.

| Option | Description |
| ------ | ----------- |
| `aiThreshold` | Minimum confidence required for rule‑based or NLP results before AI processing is triggered. |
| `bypassRuleNLP` | Skip rule‑based and NLP checks and go straight to AI. |
| `useEnhanced` | Enable advanced classification logic. |
| `offlineMode` | Disable API calls and rely solely on local heuristics. |
| `useFuzzyMatching` | Apply fuzzy name matching when deduplicating batch input. |
| `useCacheForDuplicates` | Cache results for repeated names in a batch. |
| `similarityThreshold` | Threshold used by fuzzy matching utilities. |
| `retryFailedClassifications` | Attempt retries for failed AI calls. |
| `maxRetries` | Maximum number of retry attempts. |

Additional constants in `config.ts` include `MAX_CONCURRENCY` for controlling
the number of concurrent classification requests and `MAX_BATCH_SIZE` for
limiting batch size. The OpenAI client settings in `openai/config.ts` expose
`DEFAULT_API_TIMEOUT` (20&nbsp;seconds by default) which defines how long the
system waits for each API response. You can override this timeout by setting the
`OPENAI_TIMEOUT_MS` environment variable or by passing a `timeout` parameter to
the classification functions.

The library also respects several optional environment variables:

- `CLASSIFIER_MAX_CONCURRENCY` – maximum number of concurrent classification tasks.
- `CLASSIFIER_MAX_BATCH_SIZE` – limit on batch size for classifier utilities.
- `OPENAI_MAX_BATCH_SIZE` – batch size for OpenAI requests.
- `OPENAI_MAX_PARALLEL_BATCHES` – maximum OpenAI batches processed concurrently.

Each variable falls back to a sensible default when not provided.

Increasing `aiThreshold` means rule‑based and NLP results must be more confident
before the AI model is called. A higher threshold typically improves accuracy at
the cost of additional API usage and slower processing. Likewise, extending
`DEFAULT_API_TIMEOUT` allows more time for the API to respond, reducing timeout
errors but making each classification call take longer if the service is slow.

The optional `probablepeople` dependency enhances the NLP-based tier by
providing detailed personal and business name parsing. Installing it will yield
more accurate classifications when local heuristics are used.

Commit message:

fix: remove missing dependency and improve security

README.md, after:

# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/aa593c27-4290-4aba-a8b2-135ff8cd3602

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/aa593c27-4290-4aba-a8b2-135ff8cd3602) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS
- ProbablePeople for improved NLP name parsing

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/aa593c27-4290-4aba-a8b2-135ff8cd3602) and click on Share -> Publish.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/tips-tricks/custom-domain#step-by-step-guide)

## Classification configuration

The payee classifier exposes several options through the `ClassificationConfig`
interface defined in `src/lib/types.ts`. Default values are provided in
`src/lib/classification/config.ts`.

| Option | Description |
| ------ | ----------- |
| `aiThreshold` | Minimum confidence required for rule‑based or NLP results before AI processing is triggered. |
| `bypassRuleNLP` | Skip rule‑based and NLP checks and go straight to AI. |
| `useEnhanced` | Enable advanced classification logic. |
| `offlineMode` | Disable API calls and rely solely on local heuristics. |
| `useFuzzyMatching` | Apply fuzzy name matching when deduplicating batch input. |
| `useCacheForDuplicates` | Cache results for repeated names in a batch. |
| `similarityThreshold` | Threshold used by fuzzy matching utilities. |
| `retryFailedClassifications` | Attempt retries for failed AI calls. |
| `maxRetries` | Maximum number of retry attempts. |

Additional constants in `config.ts` include `MAX_CONCURRENCY` for controlling
the number of concurrent classification requests and `MAX_BATCH_SIZE` for
limiting batch size. The OpenAI client settings in `openai/config.ts` expose
`DEFAULT_API_TIMEOUT` (20&nbsp;seconds by default) which defines how long the
system waits for each API response. You can override this timeout by setting the
`OPENAI_TIMEOUT_MS` environment variable or by passing a `timeout` parameter to
the classification functions.

The library also respects several optional environment variables:

- `CLASSIFIER_MAX_CONCURRENCY` – maximum number of concurrent classification tasks.
- `CLASSIFIER_MAX_BATCH_SIZE` – limit on batch size for classifier utilities.
- `OPENAI_MAX_BATCH_SIZE` – batch size for OpenAI requests.
- `OPENAI_MAX_PARALLEL_BATCHES` – maximum OpenAI batches processed concurrently.

Each variable falls back to a sensible default when not provided.

Increasing `aiThreshold` means rule‑based and NLP results must be more confident
before the AI model is called. A higher threshold typically improves accuracy at
the cost of additional API usage and slower processing. Likewise, extending
`DEFAULT_API_TIMEOUT` allows more time for the API to respond, reducing timeout
errors but making each classification call take longer if the service is slow.

The optional `probablepeople` dependency enhances the NLP-based tier by
providing detailed personal and business name parsing. Because this package is
not published to the npm registry, it is no longer listed in `package.json`.
If you have a local build available you can install it manually and the
classifier will load it at runtime.

API keys are stored using AES‑GCM encryption in `localStorage`, with the
encryption key kept in `sessionStorage` for added security.
